Docs/wave singularity builds (#5024)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/wave.md

Please see Singularity documentation for further details.
:::

> :::{note}
> In order to build Singularity native images, both configuration options `singularity.ociAutoPull` and `singularity.ociMode` need to be disabled (see the {ref}`config-singularity` page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::{note}
In order to build Singularity native images, both `singularity.ociAutoPull` and `singularity.ociMode` need to be disabled in the configuration (see the {ref}`config-singularity` section).
:::
```
